Add a mac M1 compatible configuration (#12)
kadena-io/devnet: README.md

```

This instance features a single node, simulation mining client, and nginix proxy. It does not have a stratum profile or others from the main docker-compose.yaml at this time (profiles 'test' and 'pact' are present, but have not been tested with this compose file). It does utilize the the same environment variables (except the unused stratum port or the node replica counts).

## Database bind mount

The docker-compose.minimal.yaml devnet instance references a folder called 'db' in the devnet directory. If this folder does not exist, it will create one when you first start a minimal node. The chainweb databases will be stored as such:

```
db/0/rocksDb
db/0/sqlite
```

- You can delete this folder to reset your devnet blockchain, or back it up to make a savestate
  - _Turn off the node container before doing stuff to this folder_
  - The structure must match the above with a 0/ folder
  - You do not _need_ the sqlite folder if you want to save backup space, as chainweb-node will rebuild one from the rocksDb if present
- If you are starting from a fresh database, you may wish to wait for the block height of each chain to pass the latest feature fork for devnet

>   - As of 2.15, this is a height of 165. It takes an hour or so to reach this from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - As of 2.18, this is a height of 500. It takes four hours or so to reach this from scratch.
```

Reviewer: These docs can be improved in other ways, but this is at least something.
